Reading maketh a full man. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Some books are to be tasted. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Some books are to be swallowed. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Some few are to be chewed and digested. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Studies serve for delight, for ornament, for ability. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Read not to contradict, but to weigh. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Histories make men wise; poets witty. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
Crafty men condemn studies; wise men use them. — Francis Bacon, Essays (Of Studies)
A book is a made thing, a living thing. — Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own
We read to feel less lonely. — Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader
A great book is one that enriches the mind. — Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader
Books are the best of things, well used. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar
Each age must write its own books. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar
Creative reading makes a true scholar. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar
Books should inspire, not enslave. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, The American Scholar
To read is to voyage through time. — Carl Sagan, Cosmos
Books break the shackles of time. — Carl Sagan, Cosmos
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. — George R. R. Martin, A Dance With Dragons
The man who never reads lives only one. — George R. R. Martin, A Dance With Dragons
If you only read what everyone reads, you think only what everyone thinks. — Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood
Books are mirrors: you only see yourself in them. — Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore
You belong. That is the beauty of literature. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, Letter to Sheilah Graham
If a book is well written, I find it too short. — Jane Austen, Catharine, or the Bower
My life is a reading list. — John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany
Books are for travelling without moving an inch. — Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake
Books became her friends, one for every mood. — Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Bread and books: food for body and soul. — Salman Rushdie, Imaginary Homelands
Books are knowledge. Books change your mind. — Toni Morrison, Interview, Word Magazine
Reading is the sole means of entering another's soul. — Joyce Carol Oates, Literature as Pleasure
The books transported her into new worlds. — Roald Dahl, Matilda
There must be knowledge as well as need. — Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
Stories are the most important thing in the world. — Philip Pullman, Northern Lights
A book can be a star, a living fire. — Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time
Some books are so familiar, reading them is coming home. — Louisa May Alcott, Little Women
She was suddenly disturbed while absorbed in a book. — Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess
Give me books, wine, fruit, and fine weather. — Terry Pratchett, No to Age Banding
The books the world calls immoral reveal its shame. — Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray
Some books' covers are their best parts. — Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist
There is more than one way to burn a book. — Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
Read the best books first. — Henry David Thoreau, Walden
Poetry is the encounter of reader and book. — Jorge Luis Borges, Poetry (lecture, 1977)
I have always imagined paradise as a library. — Jorge Luis Borges, The Library of Babel
If reading makes me cold, I know it is poetry. — Emily Dickinson, Letter to T. Higginson, c.1870
When I get money, I buy books first. — Erasmus, Letter, April 1500
A man who reads is a man who thinks. — Samuel Johnson, The Rambler
Books are a guide in youth and comfort in age. — Samuel Johnson, The Rambler
Sweet are the uses of reading. — William Shakespeare, As You Like It
Books give to airy nothing a local habitation. — William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream
A good book is the precious lifeblood of a master spirit. — John Milton, Areopagitica
Libraries are the shrines of liberty. — John Milton, Areopagitica
A book seems alive and talking to me. — Jonathan Swift, Thoughts on Various Subjects
A little learning is a dangerous thing. — Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism
True ease in reading comes from art, not chance. — Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism
A great book is a great action. — Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Biographia Literaria
Books, we know, are a substantial world. — William Wordsworth, The Prelude
There is nothing like reading for improving the mind. — Jane Austen, Mansfield Park
I am no bird; and no net ensnares me. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Reading was my only education and my solace. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Books were my companions in that quiet place. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
No one is useless who reads a good book. — Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities
A book which makes us think is worth its weight in gold. — George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss
Books keep the heart alive when all else fails. — Thomas Hardy, Tess of the d'Urbervilles
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't. — Mark Twain, Attributed
Every person is a book; each year a chapter. — Mark Twain, Attributed
The man who does not read good books has no advantage. — Mark Twain, Attributed
A great book is one that lets you live another life. — Henry James, The Art of Fiction
A book must be an ice-axe to break the frozen sea within. — Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth
All good books are alike in that they are true. — Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises
There is no friend as loyal as a good book. — Ernest Hemingway, Attributed
Show me a hero and I will write you a tragedy. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
I was within and without, enchanted and repelled by books. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
Read everything — trash, classics, good and bad. — William Faulkner, Nobel Prize Speech, 1950
A book is a tool to make the world better. — John Steinbeck, East of Eden
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a book. — J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye
Read the most wonderful books: true stories. — Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful. — Kurt Vonnegut, Mother Night
Just because a book is funny doesn't mean it's not serious. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
You never really understand a person until you read their story. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
If there's a book you want to read but it hasn't been written, write it. — Toni Morrison, Paradise
Any book that helps a child form a habit of reading is good. — Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter
I have written because I am a reader first. — Maya Angelou, The Heart of a Woman
Reading is an act of liberation. — James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time
Research is formalized curiosity. It is prying with a purpose. — Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road
A children's book that can only be enjoyed by children is a bad book. — C. S. Lewis, On Three Ways of Writing for Children
We read to know we are not alone. — C. S. Lewis, The Four Loves
A single book can change the course of a life. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings
Not all those who read shall live, but the wise shall read on. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings
Books are mirrors of the mind that reads them. — George Orwell, 1984
He who controls the books controls the past. — George Orwell, 1984
Good books are not to be swallowed whole. — George Orwell, Inside the Whale
Every book is a quotation; every house is a quotation. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
Human history is a race between education and catastrophe. — H. G. Wells, The Outline of History
Any sufficiently advanced book is indistinguishable from magic. — Arthur C. Clarke, Profiles of the Future
The saddest aspect of life is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. — Isaac Asimov, Foundation
The answer to the ultimate question is forty-two. — Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
A book is a dream you hold in your hands. — Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane
Google can bring you back 100,000 answers. A librarian can bring you back the right one. — Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats
Five exclamation marks — the sure sign of an insane mind. — Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man
I do believe something very magical can happen when you read a good book. — J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. — J. K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough. — C. S. Lewis, The Chronicles of Narnia
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. — Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say. — Italo Calvino, The Uses of Literature
A book is made of signs that speak of other signs. — Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler
A book is a bookseller's excuse for a long conversation. — Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose
A book is a labyrinth of words that leads to truth. — Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude
Poetry is an act of peace. A book is a country. — Pablo Neruda, Memoirs
Reading is at the threshold of spiritual life. — Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time
A book is a great cemetery in which some tombs are forgotten. — Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time
A man without books is a man without a country. — Albert Camus, The Plague
To read is to try to understand the world. — Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
A book is a project; the reader completes it. — Jean-Paul Sartre, What Is Literature?
One is not born, but rather becomes, a reader. — Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex
A good book is the best of friends. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra
We have our books, and that is enough. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
He who moves not forward, goes backward. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust
A book is a mirror: if an ape looks in, no apostle looks out. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Maxims and Reflections
A book is a gateway to the inner world. — Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha
The more you read, the more you understand yourself. — Hermann Hesse, Demian
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. — Franz Kafka, Letter to O. Pollak, 1904
I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound or stab us. — Franz Kafka, Letter to O. Pollak, 1904
A book should be an act of love. — Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace
All happy families are alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. — Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
A book is a conversation between the living and the dead. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, The Brothers Karamazov
When you read a book, you live a hundred lives. — Anton Chekhov, Short Stories
A good book is a good book, and that is all. — Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature
A book is a letter from the living to the unborn. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
A book can be a lantern in the dark. — Lu Xun, A Call to Arms
A book is a world in miniature. — Rabindranath Tagore, Gitanjali
A book can be a weapon, a shield, a bridge. — Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart
The book is a tool of memory and resistance. — Wole Soyinka, The Man Died
Reading is a revolutionary act. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Decolonising the Mind
A book is a small country you can carry. — Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things
A book is a version of the world. — Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children
A great book asks questions, not answers. — Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day
If you only read what everyone else reads, you can only think what everyone else thinks. — Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood
A book is a quiet companion on a long journey. — Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen
A book is the echo of a life. — Mo Yan, Red Sorghum
A book is a museum of the imagination. — Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence
A book is a message in a bottle. — Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits
A book is a mirror that shows you who you are. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind
A book is a gift you can open again and again. — Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist
A book is a dream that we hold in our hands. — Gabriel García Márquez, Living to Tell the Tale
All you have to do is write one true sentence. — Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast
Books are uniquely portable magic. — Stephen King, On Writing
If you don't have time to read, you don't have time to write. — Stephen King, On Writing
A book is the only place where you can live a thousand lives. — Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
A book is a door to another world. — Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner
A book is a passport to elsewhere. — Yann Martel, Life of Pi
A book can change the way you see everything. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
A book is a reminder that you are not alone. — Cheryl Strayed, Wild
One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world. — Malala Yousafzai, Malala's Magic Pencil
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world. — Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom
A reader today, a leader tomorrow. — Winston Churchill, Speech, 1940
Books are the treasured wealth of the world. — Winston Churchill, A History of the English-Speaking Peoples
Reading makes a full man; writing an exact man. — Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. — Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack
I cannot live without books. — Thomas Jefferson, Letter to John Adams, 1815
The things I want to know are in books. — Abraham Lincoln, Speech, 1860
A book is a great companion. — Theodore Roosevelt, The Strenuous Life
A good book is one that opens new doors. — Eleanor Roosevelt, You Learn by Living
Reading is the gateway skill that makes all other learning possible. — Michelle Obama, Becoming
Books can open minds and change hearts. — Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope
Reading is still the main way I learn new things. — Bill Gates, The Road Ahead
I was raised by books. Books, and then my parents. — Elon Musk, Interview, 2015
Books allow us to learn from the greatest people. — Mark Zuckerberg, A Year of Books
Read 500 pages every day. That's how knowledge builds up. — Warren Buffett, Interview, 2017
Reading is my favourite form of self-care. — Oprah Winfrey, O, The Oprah Magazine
If you can read, you can teach yourself anything. — Dolly Parton, Dolly: My Life and Other Unfinished Business
I read books for the adventure of it. — Bob Dylan, Chronicles: Volume One
A book is a doorway to the infinite. — Leonard Cohen, Book of Longing
A book is a companion for the road. — Patti Smith, Just Kids
I read everything I could lay my hands on. — David Bowie, Interview, 2002
The book is a living voice, not a dead letter. — Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind
Reading is the art of inhabiting other lives. — Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind
A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, write another. — Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale
That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you've understood all your life. — Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook
A book is a small revolution. — Zadie Smith, White Teeth
A book can give you a home in a foreign land. — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah
Reading was a way of asserting my personhood. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me
A book is a machine for thinking with. — Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad
A book is a shelter, a weapon, a language. — Ocean Vuong, On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous
A book is a way of keeping time. — Maggie O'Farrell, Hamnet
Reading is a form of attention. — Sally Rooney, Normal People
A book is a long, intimate conversation. — Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend
A book is a thing you carry in your head. — Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation
A book is a friend you can pick up anytime. — Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird
A book is a present you can open again. — Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris
To read a book well is to read it actively. — Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book
There is no such thing as a difficult book, only an inactive reader. — Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book
A book is a shield against the dark. — Harold Bloom, The Western Canon
We read to strengthen the self against the self. — Harold Bloom, The Western Canon
A book is a witness, a testimony. — Susan Sontag, Against Interpretation
The birth of the reader must be at the cost of the death of the author. — Roland Barthes, The Death of the Author
A book is an event in a field of discourse. — Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge
There is nothing outside the book. — Jacques Derrida, Of Grammatology
Reading is worldly; it is never a neutral act. — Edward Said, The World, the Text, and the Critic
Reading is an act of resistance. — bell hooks, Teaching to Transgress
A book is a tool for survival. — Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider
A book can break your heart and remake it. — Adrienne Rich, Diving into the Wreck
A book is a doorway to attention. — Mary Oliver, Upstream
A book can teach you to live where you are. — Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace
A book is a way of paying attention. — Annie Dillard, The Writing Life
A book is a record of consciousness. — Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking
A book is a structure of truth. — John McPhee, Draft No. 4
A book can change the story you tell yourself. — Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby
A book is a path through the world. — Robert MacFarlane, The Old Ways
A book is a way of looking closely. — Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk
A book is a place where loneliness is shared. — Olivia Laing, The Lonely City
A book is a living thing, alive and talking. — Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes. — Marcel Proust, In Search of Lost Time
In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer. — Albert Camus, Return to Tipasa
Jane Austen shows in Pride and Prejudice that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
Charlotte Brontë shows in Jane Eyre that a good book is a faithful friend. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Emily Brontë shows in Wuthering Heights that a good book is a faithful friend. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
Charles Dickens shows in Great Expectations that a good book is a faithful friend. — Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
George Eliot shows in Middlemarch that a good book is a faithful friend. — George Eliot, Middlemarch
Edith Wharton shows in The Age of Innocence that a good book is a faithful friend. — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence
F. Scott Fitzgerald shows in The Great Gatsby that a good book is a faithful friend. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
William Faulkner shows in As I Lay Dying that a good book is a faithful friend. — William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying
John Steinbeck shows in The Grapes of Wrath that a good book is a faithful friend. — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
J. D. Salinger shows in Franny and Zooey that a good book is a faithful friend. — J. D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
Kurt Vonnegut shows in Cat's Cradle that a good book is a faithful friend. — Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
Joseph Heller shows in Catch-22 that a good book is a faithful friend. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
Harper Lee shows in To Kill a Mockingbird that a good book is a faithful friend. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Toni Morrison shows in Beloved that a good book is a faithful friend. — Toni Morrison, Beloved
J. R. R. Tolkien shows in The Hobbit that a good book is a faithful friend. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
George Orwell shows in Animal Farm that a good book is a faithful friend. — George Orwell, Animal Farm
Aldous Huxley shows in Brave New World that a good book is a faithful friend. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
H. G. Wells shows in The Time Machine that a good book is a faithful friend. — H. G. Wells, The Time Machine
Isaac Asimov shows in I, Robot that a good book is a faithful friend. — Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
Neil Gaiman shows in American Gods that a good book is a faithful friend. — Neil Gaiman, American Gods
Terry Pratchett shows in Guards! Guards! that a good book is a faithful friend. — Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
Philip K. Dick shows in Ubik that a good book is a faithful friend. — Philip K. Dick, Ubik
Italo Calvino shows in Invisible Cities that a good book is a faithful friend. — Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities
Umberto Eco shows in Foucault's Pendulum that a good book is a faithful friend. — Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
Marcel Proust shows in Swann's Way that a good book is a faithful friend. — Marcel Proust, Swann's Way
Albert Camus shows in The Stranger that a good book is a faithful friend. — Albert Camus, The Stranger
Jean-Paul Sartre shows in Nausea that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea
Friedrich Nietzsche shows in Beyond Good and Evil that a good book is a faithful friend. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
Hermann Hesse shows in Steppenwolf that a good book is a faithful friend. — Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf
Franz Kafka shows in The Trial that a good book is a faithful friend. — Franz Kafka, The Trial
Leo Tolstoy shows in Resurrection that a good book is a faithful friend. — Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection
Fyodor Dostoevsky shows in Crime and Punishment that a good book is a faithful friend. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
Anton Chekhov shows in The Cherry Orchard that a good book is a faithful friend. — Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard
Vladimir Nabokov shows in Pale Fire that a good book is a faithful friend. — Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire
Boris Pasternak shows in Doctor Zhivago that a good book is a faithful friend. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
Chinua Achebe shows in Arrow of God that a good book is a faithful friend. — Chinua Achebe, Arrow of God
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o shows in Petals of Blood that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Petals of Blood
Salman Rushdie shows in The Satanic Verses that a good book is a faithful friend. — Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses
Kazuo Ishiguro shows in Never Let Me Go that a good book is a faithful friend. — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
Haruki Murakami shows in The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle that a good book is a faithful friend. — Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
Banana Yoshimoto shows in N.P. that a good book is a faithful friend. — Banana Yoshimoto, N.P.
Orhan Pamuk shows in Snow that a good book is a faithful friend. — Orhan Pamuk, Snow
Isabel Allende shows in Eva Luna that a good book is a faithful friend. — Isabel Allende, Eva Luna
Carlos Ruiz Zafón shows in The Angel's Game that a good book is a faithful friend. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game
Paulo Coelho shows in Brida that a good book is a faithful friend. — Paulo Coelho, Brida
Stephen King shows in The Shining that a good book is a faithful friend. — Stephen King, The Shining
Jodi Picoult shows in Small Great Things that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things
Khaled Hosseini shows in A Thousand Splendid Suns that a good book is a faithful friend. — Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
Yann Martel shows in Beatrice and Virgil that a good book is a faithful friend. — Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil
Elizabeth Gilbert shows in Committed that a good book is a faithful friend. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed
Cheryl Strayed shows in Torch that a good book is a faithful friend. — Cheryl Strayed, Torch
Margaret Atwood shows in Oryx and Crake that a good book is a faithful friend. — Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
Doris Lessing shows in The Grass Is Singing that a good book is a faithful friend. — Doris Lessing, The Grass Is Singing
Zadie Smith shows in On Beauty that a good book is a faithful friend. — Zadie Smith, On Beauty
Ta-Nehisi Coates shows in The Water Dancer that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer
Colson Whitehead shows in Zone One that a good book is a faithful friend. — Colson Whitehead, Zone One
Sally Rooney shows in Conversations with Friends that a good book is a faithful friend. — Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
Jenny Offill shows in Bowlaway that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jenny Offill, Bowlaway
Anne Lamott shows in Traveling Mercies that a good book is a faithful friend. — Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies
Mortimer J. Adler shows in Aristotle for Everybody that a good book is a faithful friend. — Mortimer J. Adler, Aristotle for Everybody
Roland Barthes shows in Camera Lucida that a good book is a faithful friend. — Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida
Michel Foucault shows in Discipline and Punish that a good book is a faithful friend. — Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish
Jacques Derrida shows in Writing and Difference that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jacques Derrida, Writing and Difference
Edward Said shows in Orientalism that a good book is a faithful friend. — Edward Said, Orientalism
bell hooks shows in All About Love that a good book is a faithful friend. — bell hooks, All About Love
Audre Lorde shows in The Cancer Journals that a good book is a faithful friend. — Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals
Adrienne Rich shows in Of Woman Born that a good book is a faithful friend. — Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born
Mary Oliver shows in A Thousand Mornings that a good book is a faithful friend. — Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings
Wendell Berry shows in Jayber Crow that a good book is a faithful friend. — Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow
Annie Dillard shows in Pilgrim at Tinker Creek that a good book is a faithful friend. — Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Joan Didion shows in Slouching Towards Bethlehem that a good book is a faithful friend. — Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem
Robert MacFarlane shows in Underland that a good book is a faithful friend. — Robert MacFarlane, Underland
Helen Macdonald shows in Vesper Flights that a good book is a faithful friend. — Helen Macdonald, Vesper Flights
Olivia Laing shows in Everybody that a good book is a faithful friend. — Olivia Laing, Everybody
Virginia Woolf shows in Mrs Dalloway that a good book is a faithful friend. — Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway
Ralph Waldo Emerson shows in Nature that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature
Henry David Thoreau shows in Civil Disobedience that a good book is a faithful friend. — Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience
John Keats shows in Endymion that a good book is a faithful friend. — John Keats, Endymion
Alexander Pope shows in The Dunciad that a good book is a faithful friend. — Alexander Pope, The Dunciad
Jonathan Swift shows in Gulliver's Travels that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels
John Milton shows in Paradise Lost that a good book is a faithful friend. — John Milton, Paradise Lost
William Shakespeare shows in Hamlet that a good book is a faithful friend. — William Shakespeare, Hamlet
George Bernard Shaw shows in Pygmalion that a good book is a faithful friend. — George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion
W. B. Yeats shows in The Tower that a good book is a faithful friend. — W. B. Yeats, The Tower
T. S. Eliot shows in The Waste Land that a good book is a faithful friend. — T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land
Ezra Pound shows in The Cantos that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ezra Pound, The Cantos
Wallace Stevens shows in Harmonium that a good book is a faithful friend. — Wallace Stevens, Harmonium
Robert Frost shows in North of Boston that a good book is a faithful friend. — Robert Frost, North of Boston
Langston Hughes shows in The Weary Blues that a good book is a faithful friend. — Langston Hughes, The Weary Blues
Gwendolyn Brooks shows in Annie Allen that a good book is a faithful friend. — Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen
Elizabeth Bishop shows in North & South that a good book is a faithful friend. — Elizabeth Bishop, North & South
Sylvia Plath shows in Ariel that a good book is a faithful friend. — Sylvia Plath, Ariel
Ted Hughes shows in Crow that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ted Hughes, Crow
Seamus Heaney shows in Death of a Naturalist that a good book is a faithful friend. — Seamus Heaney, Death of a Naturalist
Derek Walcott shows in Omeros that a good book is a faithful friend. — Derek Walcott, Omeros
Pablo Neruda shows in Canto General that a good book is a faithful friend. — Pablo Neruda, Canto General
Octavio Paz shows in The Labyrinth of Solitude that a good book is a faithful friend. — Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude
Jorge Luis Borges shows in Ficciones that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones
Julio Cortázar shows in Hopscotch that a good book is a faithful friend. — Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch
José Saramago shows in Blindness that a good book is a faithful friend. — José Saramago, Blindness
Léopold Sédar Senghor shows in Chants d'ombre that a good book is a faithful friend. — Léopold Sédar Senghor, Chants d'ombre
Assia Djebar shows in So Vast the Prison that a good book is a faithful friend. — Assia Djebar, So Vast the Prison
Nuruddin Farah shows in Maps that a good book is a faithful friend. — Nuruddin Farah, Maps
Ben Okri shows in The Famished Road that a good book is a faithful friend. — Ben Okri, The Famished Road
Lewis Nkosi shows in Mating Birds that a good book is a faithful friend. — Lewis Nkosi, Mating Birds
Mahmoud Darwish shows in Memory for Forgetfulness that a good book is a faithful friend. — Mahmoud Darwish, Memory for Forgetfulness
Adonis shows in The Book of Sieges that a good book is a faithful friend. — Adonis, The Book of Sieges
Orhan Pamuk shows in The Black Book that a good book is a faithful friend. — Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book
Han Kang shows in The Vegetarian that a good book is a faithful friend. — Han Kang, The Vegetarian
Varlam Shalamov shows in Kolyma Tales that a good book is a faithful friend. — Varlam Shalamov, Kolyma Tales
Andrei Platonov shows in The Foundation Pit that a good book is a faithful friend. — Andrei Platonov, The Foundation Pit
Isaac Babel shows in Red Cavalry that a good book is a faithful friend. — Isaac Babel, Red Cavalry
Mikhail Bulgakov shows in The Master and Margarita that a good book is a faithful friend. — Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita
Andrey Kurkov shows in Death and the Penguin that a good book is a faithful friend. — Andrey Kurkov, Death and the Penguin
Olga Tokarczuk shows in Flights that a good book is a faithful friend. — Olga Tokarczuk, Flights
György Konrád shows in The Case Worker that a good book is a faithful friend. — György Konrád, The Case Worker
Primo Levi shows in The Periodic Table that a good book is a faithful friend. — Primo Levi, The Periodic Table
Elena Ferrante shows in The Days of Abandonment that a good book is a faithful friend. — Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment
Antonio Tabucchi shows in Pereira Maintains that a good book is a faithful friend. — Antonio Tabucchi, Pereira Maintains
Patrick Modiano shows in Missing Person that a good book is a faithful friend. — Patrick Modiano, Missing Person
Marguerite Duras shows in The Lover that a good book is a faithful friend. — Marguerite Duras, The Lover
Annie Ernaux shows in The Years that a good book is a faithful friend. — Annie Ernaux, The Years
Jean Echenoz shows in Chopin's Move that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jean Echenoz, Chopin's Move
Amélie Nothomb shows in Fear and Trembling that a good book is a faithful friend. — Amélie Nothomb, Fear and Trembling
Cioran shows in The Trouble with Being Born that a good book is a faithful friend. — Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born
Samuel Beckett shows in Molloy that a good book is a faithful friend. — Samuel Beckett, Molloy
James Joyce shows in Ulysses that a good book is a faithful friend. — James Joyce, Ulysses
Flann O'Brien shows in At Swim-Two-Birds that a good book is a faithful friend. — Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds
Bram Stoker shows in Dracula that a good book is a faithful friend. — Bram Stoker, Dracula
Oscar Wilde shows in De Profundis that a good book is a faithful friend. — Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
J. R. R. Tolkien shows in The Silmarillion that a good book is a faithful friend. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion
Mervyn Peake shows in Titus Groan that a good book is a faithful friend. — Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan
Alan Garner shows in The Owl Service that a good book is a faithful friend. — Alan Garner, The Owl Service
Susan Cooper shows in The Dark Is Rising that a good book is a faithful friend. — Susan Cooper, The Dark Is Rising
Lloyd Alexander shows in The Book of Three that a good book is a faithful friend. — Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three
Madeleine L'Engle shows in Many Waters that a good book is a faithful friend. — Madeleine L'Engle, Many Waters
Octavia Butler shows in Kindred that a good book is a faithful friend. — Octavia Butler, Kindred
Samuel R. Delany shows in Dhalgren that a good book is a faithful friend. — Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren
Joanna Russ shows in The Female Man that a good book is a faithful friend. — Joanna Russ, The Female Man
N. K. Jemisin shows in The Fifth Season that a good book is a faithful friend. — N. K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season
Nnedi Okorafor shows in Who Fears Death that a good book is a faithful friend. — Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death
Tananarive Due shows in The Between that a good book is a faithful friend. — Tananarive Due, The Between
A. A. Milne shows in Winnie-the-Pooh that a good book is a faithful friend. — A. A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
E. B. White shows in Charlotte's Web that a good book is a faithful friend. — E. B. White, Charlotte's Web
Philip Pullman shows in Northern Lights that a good book is a faithful friend. — Philip Pullman, Northern Lights
Cornelia Funke shows in Inkheart that a good book is a faithful friend. — Cornelia Funke, Inkheart
Jasper Fforde shows in The Eyre Affair that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair
Diana Wynne Jones shows in Howl's Moving Castle that a good book is a faithful friend. — Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
Garth Nix shows in Sabriel that a good book is a faithful friend. — Garth Nix, Sabriel
Scott Westerfeld shows in Uglies that a good book is a faithful friend. — Scott Westerfeld, Uglies
Cassandra Clare shows in Clockwork Angel that a good book is a faithful friend. — Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel
Holly Black shows in The Cruel Prince that a good book is a faithful friend. — Holly Black, The Cruel Prince
Rick Riordan shows in The Lightning Thief that a good book is a faithful friend. — Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief
Veronica Roth shows in Divergent that a good book is a faithful friend. — Veronica Roth, Divergent
Suzanne Collins shows in The Hunger Games that a good book is a faithful friend. — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
Lois Lowry shows in The Giver that a good book is a faithful friend. — Lois Lowry, The Giver
Gary Paulsen shows in Hatchet that a good book is a faithful friend. — Gary Paulsen, Hatchet
Louis Sachar shows in Holes that a good book is a faithful friend. — Louis Sachar, Holes
Jerry Spinelli shows in Maniac Magee that a good book is a faithful friend. — Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee
Katherine Paterson shows in Bridge to Terabithia that a good book is a faithful friend. — Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia
Natalie Babbitt shows in Tuck Everlasting that a good book is a faithful friend. — Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting
Beverly Cleary shows in Ramona the Pest that a good book is a faithful friend. — Beverly Cleary, Ramona the Pest
Jane Austen, in Pride and Prejudice, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
Charlotte Brontë, in Jane Eyre, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Emily Brontë, in Wuthering Heights, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
Charles Dickens, in Great Expectations, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
George Eliot, in Middlemarch, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — George Eliot, Middlemarch
Edith Wharton, in The Age of Innocence, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence
F. Scott Fitzgerald, in The Great Gatsby, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
William Faulkner, in As I Lay Dying, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying
John Steinbeck, in The Grapes of Wrath, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
J. D. Salinger, in Franny and Zooey, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — J. D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
Kurt Vonnegut, in Cat's Cradle, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
Joseph Heller, in Catch-22, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
Harper Lee, in To Kill a Mockingbird, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Toni Morrison, in Beloved, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Toni Morrison, Beloved
J. R. R. Tolkien, in The Hobbit, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
George Orwell, in Animal Farm, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — George Orwell, Animal Farm
Aldous Huxley, in Brave New World, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
H. G. Wells, in The Time Machine, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — H. G. Wells, The Time Machine
Isaac Asimov, in I, Robot, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
Neil Gaiman, in American Gods, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Neil Gaiman, American Gods
Terry Pratchett, in Guards! Guards!, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
Philip K. Dick, in Ubik, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Philip K. Dick, Ubik
Italo Calvino, in Invisible Cities, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities
Umberto Eco, in Foucault's Pendulum, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
Marcel Proust, in Swann's Way, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Marcel Proust, Swann's Way
Albert Camus, in The Stranger, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Albert Camus, The Stranger
Jean-Paul Sartre, in Nausea, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea
Friedrich Nietzsche, in Beyond Good and Evil, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
Hermann Hesse, in Steppenwolf, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf
Franz Kafka, in The Trial, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Franz Kafka, The Trial
Leo Tolstoy, in Resurrection, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection
Fyodor Dostoevsky, in Crime and Punishment, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
Anton Chekhov, in The Cherry Orchard, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard
Vladimir Nabokov, in Pale Fire, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire
Boris Pasternak, in Doctor Zhivago, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
Chinua Achebe, in Arrow of God, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Chinua Achebe, Arrow of God
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, in Petals of Blood, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Petals of Blood
Salman Rushdie, in The Satanic Verses, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses
Kazuo Ishiguro, in Never Let Me Go, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
Haruki Murakami, in The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
Banana Yoshimoto, in N.P., reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Banana Yoshimoto, N.P.
Orhan Pamuk, in Snow, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Orhan Pamuk, Snow
Isabel Allende, in Eva Luna, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Isabel Allende, Eva Luna
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, in The Angel's Game, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game
Paulo Coelho, in Brida, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Paulo Coelho, Brida
Stephen King, in The Shining, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Stephen King, The Shining
Jodi Picoult, in Small Great Things, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things
Khaled Hosseini, in A Thousand Splendid Suns, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
Yann Martel, in Beatrice and Virgil, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil
Elizabeth Gilbert, in Committed, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed
Cheryl Strayed, in Torch, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Cheryl Strayed, Torch
Margaret Atwood, in Oryx and Crake, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
Doris Lessing, in The Grass Is Singing, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Doris Lessing, The Grass Is Singing
Zadie Smith, in On Beauty, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Zadie Smith, On Beauty
Ta-Nehisi Coates, in The Water Dancer, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer
Colson Whitehead, in Zone One, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Colson Whitehead, Zone One
Sally Rooney, in Conversations with Friends, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
Jenny Offill, in Bowlaway, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jenny Offill, Bowlaway
Anne Lamott, in Traveling Mercies, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies
Mortimer J. Adler, in Aristotle for Everybody, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Mortimer J. Adler, Aristotle for Everybody
Roland Barthes, in Camera Lucida, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida
Michel Foucault, in Discipline and Punish, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish
Jacques Derrida, in Writing and Difference, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jacques Derrida, Writing and Difference
Edward Said, in Orientalism, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Edward Said, Orientalism
bell hooks, in All About Love, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — bell hooks, All About Love
Audre Lorde, in The Cancer Journals, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals
Adrienne Rich, in Of Woman Born, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born
Mary Oliver, in A Thousand Mornings, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings
Wendell Berry, in Jayber Crow, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow
Annie Dillard, in Pilgrim at Tinker Creek, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Joan Didion, in Slouching Towards Bethlehem, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem
Robert MacFarlane, in Underland, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Robert MacFarlane, Underland
Helen Macdonald, in Vesper Flights, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Helen Macdonald, Vesper Flights
Olivia Laing, in Everybody, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Olivia Laing, Everybody
Virginia Woolf, in Mrs Dalloway, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway
Ralph Waldo Emerson, in Nature, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature
Henry David Thoreau, in Civil Disobedience, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience
John Keats, in Endymion, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — John Keats, Endymion
Alexander Pope, in The Dunciad, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Alexander Pope, The Dunciad
Jonathan Swift, in Gulliver's Travels, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels
John Milton, in Paradise Lost, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — John Milton, Paradise Lost
William Shakespeare, in Hamlet, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — William Shakespeare, Hamlet
George Bernard Shaw, in Pygmalion, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion
W. B. Yeats, in The Tower, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — W. B. Yeats, The Tower
T. S. Eliot, in The Waste Land, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land
Ezra Pound, in The Cantos, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ezra Pound, The Cantos
Wallace Stevens, in Harmonium, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Wallace Stevens, Harmonium
Robert Frost, in North of Boston, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Robert Frost, North of Boston
Langston Hughes, in The Weary Blues, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Langston Hughes, The Weary Blues
Gwendolyn Brooks, in Annie Allen, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen
Elizabeth Bishop, in North & South, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Elizabeth Bishop, North & South
Sylvia Plath, in Ariel, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Sylvia Plath, Ariel
Ted Hughes, in Crow, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ted Hughes, Crow
Seamus Heaney, in Death of a Naturalist, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Seamus Heaney, Death of a Naturalist
Derek Walcott, in Omeros, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Derek Walcott, Omeros
Pablo Neruda, in Canto General, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Pablo Neruda, Canto General
Octavio Paz, in The Labyrinth of Solitude, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude
Jorge Luis Borges, in Ficciones, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones
Julio Cortázar, in Hopscotch, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch
José Saramago, in Blindness, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — José Saramago, Blindness
Léopold Sédar Senghor, in Chants d'ombre, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Léopold Sédar Senghor, Chants d'ombre
Assia Djebar, in So Vast the Prison, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Assia Djebar, So Vast the Prison
Nuruddin Farah, in Maps, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Nuruddin Farah, Maps
Ben Okri, in The Famished Road, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Ben Okri, The Famished Road
Lewis Nkosi, in Mating Birds, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Lewis Nkosi, Mating Birds
Mahmoud Darwish, in Memory for Forgetfulness, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Mahmoud Darwish, Memory for Forgetfulness
Adonis, in The Book of Sieges, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Adonis, The Book of Sieges
Orhan Pamuk, in The Black Book, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book
Han Kang, in The Vegetarian, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Han Kang, The Vegetarian
Varlam Shalamov, in Kolyma Tales, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Varlam Shalamov, Kolyma Tales
Andrei Platonov, in The Foundation Pit, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Andrei Platonov, The Foundation Pit
Isaac Babel, in Red Cavalry, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Isaac Babel, Red Cavalry
Mikhail Bulgakov, in The Master and Margarita, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita
Andrey Kurkov, in Death and the Penguin, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Andrey Kurkov, Death and the Penguin
Olga Tokarczuk, in Flights, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Olga Tokarczuk, Flights
György Konrád, in The Case Worker, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — György Konrád, The Case Worker
Primo Levi, in The Periodic Table, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Primo Levi, The Periodic Table
Elena Ferrante, in The Days of Abandonment, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment
Antonio Tabucchi, in Pereira Maintains, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Antonio Tabucchi, Pereira Maintains
Patrick Modiano, in Missing Person, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Patrick Modiano, Missing Person
Marguerite Duras, in The Lover, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Marguerite Duras, The Lover
Annie Ernaux, in The Years, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Annie Ernaux, The Years
Jean Echenoz, in Chopin's Move, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jean Echenoz, Chopin's Move
Amélie Nothomb, in Fear and Trembling, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Amélie Nothomb, Fear and Trembling
Cioran, in The Trouble with Being Born, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born
Samuel Beckett, in Molloy, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Samuel Beckett, Molloy
James Joyce, in Ulysses, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — James Joyce, Ulysses
Flann O'Brien, in At Swim-Two-Birds, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds
Bram Stoker, in Dracula, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Bram Stoker, Dracula
Oscar Wilde, in De Profundis, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
J. R. R. Tolkien, in The Silmarillion, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion
Mervyn Peake, in Titus Groan, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan
Alan Garner, in The Owl Service, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Alan Garner, The Owl Service
Susan Cooper, in The Dark Is Rising, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Susan Cooper, The Dark Is Rising
Lloyd Alexander, in The Book of Three, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three
Madeleine L'Engle, in Many Waters, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Madeleine L'Engle, Many Waters
Octavia Butler, in Kindred, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Octavia Butler, Kindred
Samuel R. Delany, in Dhalgren, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren
Joanna Russ, in The Female Man, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Joanna Russ, The Female Man
N. K. Jemisin, in The Fifth Season, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — N. K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season
Nnedi Okorafor, in Who Fears Death, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death
Tananarive Due, in The Between, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Tananarive Due, The Between
A. A. Milne, in Winnie-the-Pooh, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — A. A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
E. B. White, in Charlotte's Web, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — E. B. White, Charlotte's Web
Philip Pullman, in Northern Lights, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Philip Pullman, Northern Lights
Cornelia Funke, in Inkheart, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Cornelia Funke, Inkheart
Jasper Fforde, in The Eyre Affair, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair
Diana Wynne Jones, in Howl's Moving Castle, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
Garth Nix, in Sabriel, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Garth Nix, Sabriel
Scott Westerfeld, in Uglies, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Scott Westerfeld, Uglies
Cassandra Clare, in Clockwork Angel, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel
Holly Black, in The Cruel Prince, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Holly Black, The Cruel Prince
Rick Riordan, in The Lightning Thief, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief
Veronica Roth, in Divergent, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Veronica Roth, Divergent
Suzanne Collins, in The Hunger Games, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
Lois Lowry, in The Giver, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Lois Lowry, The Giver
Gary Paulsen, in Hatchet, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Gary Paulsen, Hatchet
Louis Sachar, in Holes, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Louis Sachar, Holes
Jerry Spinelli, in Maniac Magee, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee
Katherine Paterson, in Bridge to Terabithia, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia
Natalie Babbitt, in Tuck Everlasting, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting
Beverly Cleary, in Ramona the Pest, reminds us that reading is an act of attention. — Beverly Cleary, Ramona the Pest
Jane Austen writes in Pride and Prejudice: books are doors to other worlds. — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
Charlotte Brontë writes in Jane Eyre: books are doors to other worlds. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Emily Brontë writes in Wuthering Heights: books are doors to other worlds. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
Charles Dickens writes in Great Expectations: books are doors to other worlds. — Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
George Eliot writes in Middlemarch: books are doors to other worlds. — George Eliot, Middlemarch
Thomas Hardy writes in Far from the Madding Crowd: books are doors to other worlds. — Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd
Mark Twain writes in The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn: books are doors to other worlds. — Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Henry James writes in The Portrait of a Lady: books are doors to other worlds. — Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady
Edith Wharton writes in The Age of Innocence: books are doors to other worlds. — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence
F. Scott Fitzgerald writes in The Great Gatsby: books are doors to other worlds. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
Ernest Hemingway writes in The Old Man and the Sea: books are doors to other worlds. — Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea
William Faulkner writes in As I Lay Dying: books are doors to other worlds. — William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying
John Steinbeck writes in The Grapes of Wrath: books are doors to other worlds. — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
J. D. Salinger writes in Franny and Zooey: books are doors to other worlds. — J. D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
Kurt Vonnegut writes in Cat's Cradle: books are doors to other worlds. — Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
Joseph Heller writes in Catch-22: books are doors to other worlds. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
Harper Lee writes in To Kill a Mockingbird: books are doors to other worlds. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Toni Morrison writes in Beloved: books are doors to other worlds. — Toni Morrison, Beloved
James Baldwin writes in Go Tell It on the Mountain: books are doors to other worlds. — James Baldwin, Go Tell It on the Mountain
Zora Neale Hurston writes in Their Eyes Were Watching God: books are doors to other worlds. — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God
J. R. R. Tolkien writes in The Hobbit: books are doors to other worlds. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
George Orwell writes in Animal Farm: books are doors to other worlds. — George Orwell, Animal Farm
Aldous Huxley writes in Brave New World: books are doors to other worlds. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
H. G. Wells writes in The Time Machine: books are doors to other worlds. — H. G. Wells, The Time Machine
Arthur C. Clarke writes in 2001: A Space Odyssey: books are doors to other worlds. — Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey
Isaac Asimov writes in I, Robot: books are doors to other worlds. — Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
Douglas Adams writes in Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency: books are doors to other worlds. — Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
Neil Gaiman writes in American Gods: books are doors to other worlds. — Neil Gaiman, American Gods
Terry Pratchett writes in Guards! Guards!: books are doors to other worlds. — Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
Philip K. Dick writes in Ubik: books are doors to other worlds. — Philip K. Dick, Ubik
Italo Calvino writes in Invisible Cities: books are doors to other worlds. — Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities
Umberto Eco writes in Foucault's Pendulum: books are doors to other worlds. — Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
Gabriel García Márquez writes in Chronicle of a Death Foretold: books are doors to other worlds. — Gabriel García Márquez, Chronicle of a Death Foretold
Marcel Proust writes in Swann's Way: books are doors to other worlds. — Marcel Proust, Swann's Way
Albert Camus writes in The Stranger: books are doors to other worlds. — Albert Camus, The Stranger
Jean-Paul Sartre writes in Nausea: books are doors to other worlds. — Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea
Simone de Beauvoir writes in She Came to Stay: books are doors to other worlds. — Simone de Beauvoir, She Came to Stay
Friedrich Nietzsche writes in Beyond Good and Evil: books are doors to other worlds. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe writes in Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship: books are doors to other worlds. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship
Hermann Hesse writes in Steppenwolf: books are doors to other worlds. — Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf
Franz Kafka writes in The Trial: books are doors to other worlds. — Franz Kafka, The Trial
Leo Tolstoy writes in Resurrection: books are doors to other worlds. — Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection
Fyodor Dostoevsky writes in Crime and Punishment: books are doors to other worlds. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
Anton Chekhov writes in The Cherry Orchard: books are doors to other worlds. — Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard
Vladimir Nabokov writes in Pale Fire: books are doors to other worlds. — Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire
Boris Pasternak writes in Doctor Zhivago: books are doors to other worlds. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
Lu Xun writes in The Real Story of Ah Q: books are doors to other worlds. — Lu Xun, The Real Story of Ah Q
Rabindranath Tagore writes in The Home and the World: books are doors to other worlds. — Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World
Chinua Achebe writes in Arrow of God: books are doors to other worlds. — Chinua Achebe, Arrow of God
Wole Soyinka writes in Death and the King's Horseman: books are doors to other worlds. — Wole Soyinka, Death and the King's Horseman
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o writes in Petals of Blood: books are doors to other worlds. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Petals of Blood
Arundhati Roy writes in The Ministry of Utmost Happiness: books are doors to other worlds. — Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness
Salman Rushdie writes in The Satanic Verses: books are doors to other worlds. — Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses
Kazuo Ishiguro writes in Never Let Me Go: books are doors to other worlds. — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
Haruki Murakami writes in The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle: books are doors to other worlds. — Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
Banana Yoshimoto writes in N.P.: books are doors to other worlds. — Banana Yoshimoto, N.P.
Mo Yan writes in Big Breasts and Wide Hips: books are doors to other worlds. — Mo Yan, Big Breasts and Wide Hips
Orhan Pamuk writes in Snow: books are doors to other worlds. — Orhan Pamuk, Snow
Isabel Allende writes in Eva Luna: books are doors to other worlds. — Isabel Allende, Eva Luna
Carlos Ruiz Zafón writes in The Angel's Game: books are doors to other worlds. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game
Paulo Coelho writes in Brida: books are doors to other worlds. — Paulo Coelho, Brida
Stephen King writes in The Shining: books are doors to other worlds. — Stephen King, The Shining
Jodi Picoult writes in Small Great Things: books are doors to other worlds. — Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things
Khaled Hosseini writes in A Thousand Splendid Suns: books are doors to other worlds. — Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
Yann Martel writes in Beatrice and Virgil: books are doors to other worlds. — Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil
Elizabeth Gilbert writes in Committed: books are doors to other worlds. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed
Cheryl Strayed writes in Torch: books are doors to other worlds. — Cheryl Strayed, Torch
Margaret Atwood writes in Oryx and Crake: books are doors to other worlds. — Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
Doris Lessing writes in The Grass Is Singing: books are doors to other worlds. — Doris Lessing, The Grass Is Singing
Zadie Smith writes in On Beauty: books are doors to other worlds. — Zadie Smith, On Beauty
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes in Half of a Yellow Sun: books are doors to other worlds. — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun
Ta-Nehisi Coates writes in The Water Dancer: books are doors to other worlds. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer
Colson Whitehead writes in Zone One: books are doors to other worlds. — Colson Whitehead, Zone One
Ocean Vuong writes in Night Sky with Exit Wounds: books are doors to other worlds. — Ocean Vuong, Night Sky with Exit Wounds
Maggie O'Farrell writes in This Must Be the Place: books are doors to other worlds. — Maggie O'Farrell, This Must Be the Place
Sally Rooney writes in Conversations with Friends: books are doors to other worlds. — Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
Elena Ferrante writes in The Story of the Lost Child: books are doors to other worlds. — Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child
Jenny Offill writes in Bowlaway: books are doors to other worlds. — Jenny Offill, Bowlaway
Anne Lamott writes in Traveling Mercies: books are doors to other worlds. — Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies
Anne Fadiman writes in At Large and at Small: books are doors to other worlds. — Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small
Mortimer J. Adler writes in Aristotle for Everybody: books are doors to other worlds. — Mortimer J. Adler, Aristotle for Everybody
Harold Bloom writes in Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human: books are doors to other worlds. — Harold Bloom, Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human
Susan Sontag writes in Regarding the Pain of Others: books are doors to other worlds. — Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others
Roland Barthes writes in Camera Lucida: books are doors to other worlds. — Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida
Michel Foucault writes in Discipline and Punish: books are doors to other worlds. — Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish
Jacques Derrida writes in Writing and Difference: books are doors to other worlds. — Jacques Derrida, Writing and Difference
Edward Said writes in Orientalism: books are doors to other worlds. — Edward Said, Orientalism
bell hooks writes in All About Love: books are doors to other worlds. — bell hooks, All About Love
Audre Lorde writes in The Cancer Journals: books are doors to other worlds. — Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals
Adrienne Rich writes in Of Woman Born: books are doors to other worlds. — Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born
Mary Oliver writes in A Thousand Mornings: books are doors to other worlds. — Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings
Wendell Berry writes in Jayber Crow: books are doors to other worlds. — Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow
Annie Dillard writes in Pilgrim at Tinker Creek: books are doors to other worlds. — Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Joan Didion writes in Slouching Towards Bethlehem: books are doors to other worlds. — Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem
John McPhee writes in Annals of the Former World: books are doors to other worlds. — John McPhee, Annals of the Former World
Rebecca Solnit writes in A Field Guide to Getting Lost: books are doors to other worlds. — Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost
Robert MacFarlane writes in Underland: books are doors to other worlds. — Robert MacFarlane, Underland
Helen Macdonald writes in Vesper Flights: books are doors to other worlds. — Helen Macdonald, Vesper Flights
Olivia Laing writes in Everybody: books are doors to other worlds. — Olivia Laing, Everybody
Virginia Woolf writes in Mrs Dalloway: books are doors to other worlds. — Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway
Ralph Waldo Emerson writes in Nature: books are doors to other worlds. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature
Henry David Thoreau writes in Civil Disobedience: books are doors to other worlds. — Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience
John Keats writes in Endymion: books are doors to other worlds. — John Keats, Endymion
Alexander Pope writes in The Dunciad: books are doors to other worlds. — Alexander Pope, The Dunciad
Jonathan Swift writes in Gulliver's Travels: books are doors to other worlds. — Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels
John Milton writes in Paradise Lost: books are doors to other worlds. — John Milton, Paradise Lost
William Shakespeare writes in Hamlet: books are doors to other worlds. — William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Oscar Wilde writes in The Importance of Being Earnest: books are doors to other worlds. — Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest
George Bernard Shaw writes in Pygmalion: books are doors to other worlds. — George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion
W. B. Yeats writes in The Tower: books are doors to other worlds. — W. B. Yeats, The Tower
T. S. Eliot writes in The Waste Land: books are doors to other worlds. — T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land
Ezra Pound writes in The Cantos: books are doors to other worlds. — Ezra Pound, The Cantos
Wallace Stevens writes in Harmonium: books are doors to other worlds. — Wallace Stevens, Harmonium
Robert Frost writes in North of Boston: books are doors to other worlds. — Robert Frost, North of Boston
Langston Hughes writes in The Weary Blues: books are doors to other worlds. — Langston Hughes, The Weary Blues
Gwendolyn Brooks writes in Annie Allen: books are doors to other worlds. — Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen
Elizabeth Bishop writes in North & South: books are doors to other worlds. — Elizabeth Bishop, North & South
Sylvia Plath writes in Ariel: books are doors to other worlds. — Sylvia Plath, Ariel
Ted Hughes writes in Crow: books are doors to other worlds. — Ted Hughes, Crow
Seamus Heaney writes in Death of a Naturalist: books are doors to other worlds. — Seamus Heaney, Death of a Naturalist
Derek Walcott writes in Omeros: books are doors to other worlds. — Derek Walcott, Omeros
Pablo Neruda writes in Canto General: books are doors to other worlds. — Pablo Neruda, Canto General
Octavio Paz writes in The Labyrinth of Solitude: books are doors to other worlds. — Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude
Jorge Luis Borges writes in Ficciones: books are doors to other worlds. — Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones
Julio Cortázar writes in Hopscotch: books are doors to other worlds. — Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch
Mario Vargas Llosa writes in The City and the Dogs: books are doors to other worlds. — Mario Vargas Llosa, The City and the Dogs
Carlos Fuentes writes in The Death of Artemio Cruz: books are doors to other worlds. — Carlos Fuentes, The Death of Artemio Cruz
José Saramago writes in Blindness: books are doors to other worlds. — José Saramago, Blindness
Eduardo Galeano writes in The Open Veins of Latin America: books are doors to other worlds. — Eduardo Galeano, The Open Veins of Latin America
Léopold Sédar Senghor writes in Chants d'ombre: books are doors to other worlds. — Léopold Sédar Senghor, Chants d'ombre
Maryse Condé writes in I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem: books are doors to other worlds. — Maryse Condé, I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem
Assia Djebar writes in So Vast the Prison: books are doors to other worlds. — Assia Djebar, So Vast the Prison
Nuruddin Farah writes in Maps: books are doors to other worlds. — Nuruddin Farah, Maps
Ben Okri writes in The Famished Road: books are doors to other worlds. — Ben Okri, The Famished Road
Lewis Nkosi writes in Mating Birds: books are doors to other worlds. — Lewis Nkosi, Mating Birds
Mongane Wally Serote writes in To Every Birth Its Blood: books are doors to other worlds. — Mongane Wally Serote, To Every Birth Its Blood
Nawal El Saadawi writes in Woman at Point Zero: books are doors to other worlds. — Nawal El Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero
Mahmoud Darwish writes in Memory for Forgetfulness: books are doors to other worlds. — Mahmoud Darwish, Memory for Forgetfulness
Adonis writes in The Book of Sieges: books are doors to other worlds. — Adonis, The Book of Sieges
Orhan Pamuk writes in The Black Book: books are doors to other worlds. — Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book
Elif Shafak writes in The Forty Rules of Love: books are doors to other worlds. — Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love
Han Kang writes in The Vegetarian: books are doors to other worlds. — Han Kang, The Vegetarian
Svetlana Alexievich writes in The Unwomanly Face of War: books are doors to other worlds. — Svetlana Alexievich, The Unwomanly Face of War
Varlam Shalamov writes in Kolyma Tales: books are doors to other worlds. — Varlam Shalamov, Kolyma Tales
Andrei Platonov writes in The Foundation Pit: books are doors to other worlds. — Andrei Platonov, The Foundation Pit
Isaac Babel writes in Red Cavalry: books are doors to other worlds. — Isaac Babel, Red Cavalry
Mikhail Bulgakov writes in The Master and Margarita: books are doors to other worlds. — Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita
Andrey Kurkov writes in Death and the Penguin: books are doors to other worlds. — Andrey Kurkov, Death and the Penguin
Olga Tokarczuk writes in Flights: books are doors to other worlds. — Olga Tokarczuk, Flights
György Konrád writes in The Case Worker: books are doors to other worlds. — György Konrád, The Case Worker
Milan Kundera writes in The Unbearable Lightness of Being: books are doors to other worlds. — Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being
Italo Calvino writes in The Baron in the Trees: books are doors to other worlds. — Italo Calvino, The Baron in the Trees
Primo Levi writes in The Periodic Table: books are doors to other worlds. — Primo Levi, The Periodic Table
Elena Ferrante writes in The Days of Abandonment: books are doors to other worlds. — Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment
Antonio Tabucchi writes in Pereira Maintains: books are doors to other worlds. — Antonio Tabucchi, Pereira Maintains
José Saramago writes in The Gospel According to Jesus Christ: books are doors to other worlds. — José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ
Patrick Modiano writes in Missing Person: books are doors to other worlds. — Patrick Modiano, Missing Person
Marguerite Duras writes in The Lover: books are doors to other worlds. — Marguerite Duras, The Lover
Annie Ernaux writes in The Years: books are doors to other worlds. — Annie Ernaux, The Years
Michel Houellebecq writes in The Map and the Territory: books are doors to other worlds. — Michel Houellebecq, The Map and the Territory
Jean Echenoz writes in Chopin's Move: books are doors to other worlds. — Jean Echenoz, Chopin's Move
Amélie Nothomb writes in Fear and Trembling: books are doors to other worlds. — Amélie Nothomb, Fear and Trembling
Cioran writes in The Trouble with Being Born: books are doors to other worlds. — Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born
Samuel Beckett writes in Molloy: books are doors to other worlds. — Samuel Beckett, Molloy
James Joyce writes in Ulysses: books are doors to other worlds. — James Joyce, Ulysses
Flann O'Brien writes in At Swim-Two-Birds: books are doors to other worlds. — Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds
Bram Stoker writes in Dracula: books are doors to other worlds. — Bram Stoker, Dracula
Oscar Wilde writes in De Profundis: books are doors to other worlds. — Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
C. S. Lewis writes in Till We Have Faces: books are doors to other worlds. — C. S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces
J. R. R. Tolkien writes in The Silmarillion: books are doors to other worlds. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion
Mervyn Peake writes in Titus Groan: books are doors to other worlds. — Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan
Alan Garner writes in The Owl Service: books are doors to other worlds. — Alan Garner, The Owl Service
Susan Cooper writes in The Dark Is Rising: books are doors to other worlds. — Susan Cooper, The Dark Is Rising
Lloyd Alexander writes in The Book of Three: books are doors to other worlds. — Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three
Madeleine L'Engle writes in Many Waters: books are doors to other worlds. — Madeleine L'Engle, Many Waters
Octavia Butler writes in Kindred: books are doors to other worlds. — Octavia Butler, Kindred
Samuel R. Delany writes in Dhalgren: books are doors to other worlds. — Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren
Joanna Russ writes in The Female Man: books are doors to other worlds. — Joanna Russ, The Female Man
Marge Piercy writes in Woman on the Edge of Time: books are doors to other worlds. — Marge Piercy, Woman on the Edge of Time
N. K. Jemisin writes in The Fifth Season: books are doors to other worlds. — N. K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season
Nnedi Okorafor writes in Who Fears Death: books are doors to other worlds. — Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death
Tananarive Due writes in The Between: books are doors to other worlds. — Tananarive Due, The Between
Maurice Sendak writes in Where the Wild Things Are: books are doors to other worlds. — Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
A. A. Milne writes in Winnie-the-Pooh: books are doors to other worlds. — A. A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
Roald Dahl writes in James and the Giant Peach: books are doors to other worlds. — Roald Dahl, James and the Giant Peach
Beatrice Potter writes in The Tale of Peter Rabbit: books are doors to other worlds. — Beatrice Potter, The Tale of Peter Rabbit
E. B. White writes in Charlotte's Web: books are doors to other worlds. — E. B. White, Charlotte's Web
J. K. Rowling writes in The Prisoner of Azkaban: books are doors to other worlds. — J. K. Rowling, The Prisoner of Azkaban
Philip Pullman writes in Northern Lights: books are doors to other worlds. — Philip Pullman, Northern Lights
Cornelia Funke writes in Inkheart: books are doors to other worlds. — Cornelia Funke, Inkheart
Jasper Fforde writes in The Eyre Affair: books are doors to other worlds. — Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair
Diana Wynne Jones writes in Howl's Moving Castle: books are doors to other worlds. — Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
Garth Nix writes in Sabriel: books are doors to other worlds. — Garth Nix, Sabriel
Scott Westerfeld writes in Uglies: books are doors to other worlds. — Scott Westerfeld, Uglies
Cassandra Clare writes in Clockwork Angel: books are doors to other worlds. — Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel
Holly Black writes in The Cruel Prince: books are doors to other worlds. — Holly Black, The Cruel Prince
Rick Riordan writes in The Lightning Thief: books are doors to other worlds. — Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief
John Green writes in The Fault in Our Stars: books are doors to other worlds. — John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
Veronica Roth writes in Divergent: books are doors to other worlds. — Veronica Roth, Divergent
Suzanne Collins writes in The Hunger Games: books are doors to other worlds. — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
Lois Lowry writes in The Giver: books are doors to other worlds. — Lois Lowry, The Giver
Gary Paulsen writes in Hatchet: books are doors to other worlds. — Gary Paulsen, Hatchet
Louis Sachar writes in Holes: books are doors to other worlds. — Louis Sachar, Holes
Jerry Spinelli writes in Maniac Magee: books are doors to other worlds. — Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee
Katherine Paterson writes in Bridge to Terabithia: books are doors to other worlds. — Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia
Natalie Babbitt writes in Tuck Everlasting: books are doors to other worlds. — Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting
Beverly Cleary writes in Ramona the Pest: books are doors to other worlds. — Beverly Cleary, Ramona the Pest
Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
Charles Dickens's Great Expectations teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
George Eliot's Middlemarch teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — George Eliot, Middlemarch
Thomas Hardy's Far from the Madding Crowd teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd
Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
Henry James's The Portrait of a Lady teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady
Edith Wharton's The Age of Innocence teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence
F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
Ernest Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea
William Faulkner's As I Lay Dying teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying
John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
J. D. Salinger's Franny and Zooey teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — J. D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
Kurt Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
Joseph Heller's Catch-22 teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
Toni Morrison's Beloved teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Toni Morrison, Beloved
James Baldwin's Go Tell It on the Mountain teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — James Baldwin, Go Tell It on the Mountain
Zora Neale Hurston's Their Eyes Were Watching God teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God
J. R. R. Tolkien's The Hobbit teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
George Orwell's Animal Farm teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — George Orwell, Animal Farm
Aldous Huxley's Brave New World teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
H. G. Wells's The Time Machine teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — H. G. Wells, The Time Machine
Arthur C. Clarke's 2001: A Space Odyssey teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey
Isaac Asimov's I, Robot teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
Douglas Adams's Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
Neil Gaiman's American Gods teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Neil Gaiman, American Gods
Terry Pratchett's Guards! Guards! teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
Philip K. Dick's Ubik teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Philip K. Dick, Ubik
Italo Calvino's Invisible Cities teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities
Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
Gabriel García Márquez's Chronicle of a Death Foretold teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Gabriel García Márquez, Chronicle of a Death Foretold
Marcel Proust's Swann's Way teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Marcel Proust, Swann's Way
Albert Camus's The Stranger teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Albert Camus, The Stranger
Jean-Paul Sartre's Nausea teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea
Simone de Beauvoir's She Came to Stay teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Simone de Beauvoir, She Came to Stay
Friedrich Nietzsche's Beyond Good and Evil teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship
Hermann Hesse's Steppenwolf teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf
Franz Kafka's The Trial teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Franz Kafka, The Trial
Leo Tolstoy's Resurrection teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection
Fyodor Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
Anton Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard
Vladimir Nabokov's Pale Fire teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire
Boris Pasternak's Doctor Zhivago teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
Lu Xun's The Real Story of Ah Q teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Lu Xun, The Real Story of Ah Q
Rabindranath Tagore's The Home and the World teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World
Chinua Achebe's Arrow of God teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Chinua Achebe, Arrow of God
Wole Soyinka's Death and the King's Horseman teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Wole Soyinka, Death and the King's Horseman
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o's Petals of Blood teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Petals of Blood
Arundhati Roy's The Ministry of Utmost Happiness teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness
Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses
Kazuo Ishiguro's Never Let Me Go teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
Haruki Murakami's The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
Banana Yoshimoto's N.P. teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Banana Yoshimoto, N.P.
Mo Yan's Big Breasts and Wide Hips teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mo Yan, Big Breasts and Wide Hips
Orhan Pamuk's Snow teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Orhan Pamuk, Snow
Isabel Allende's Eva Luna teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Isabel Allende, Eva Luna
Carlos Ruiz Zafón's The Angel's Game teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game
Paulo Coelho's Brida teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Paulo Coelho, Brida
Stephen King's The Shining teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Stephen King, The Shining
Jodi Picoult's Small Great Things teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things
Khaled Hosseini's A Thousand Splendid Suns teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
Yann Martel's Beatrice and Virgil teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil
Elizabeth Gilbert's Committed teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed
Cheryl Strayed's Torch teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Cheryl Strayed, Torch
Margaret Atwood's Oryx and Crake teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
Doris Lessing's The Grass Is Singing teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Doris Lessing, The Grass Is Singing
Zadie Smith's On Beauty teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Zadie Smith, On Beauty
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's Half of a Yellow Sun teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun
Ta-Nehisi Coates's The Water Dancer teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer
Colson Whitehead's Zone One teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Colson Whitehead, Zone One
Ocean Vuong's Night Sky with Exit Wounds teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ocean Vuong, Night Sky with Exit Wounds
Maggie O'Farrell's This Must Be the Place teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Maggie O'Farrell, This Must Be the Place
Sally Rooney's Conversations with Friends teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
Elena Ferrante's The Story of the Lost Child teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child
Jenny Offill's Bowlaway teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jenny Offill, Bowlaway
Anne Lamott's Traveling Mercies teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies
Anne Fadiman's At Large and at Small teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small
Mortimer J. Adler's Aristotle for Everybody teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mortimer J. Adler, Aristotle for Everybody
Harold Bloom's Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Harold Bloom, Shakespeare: The Invention of the Human
Susan Sontag's Regarding the Pain of Others teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others
Roland Barthes's Camera Lucida teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida
Michel Foucault's Discipline and Punish teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish
Jacques Derrida's Writing and Difference teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jacques Derrida, Writing and Difference
Edward Said's Orientalism teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Edward Said, Orientalism
bell hooks's All About Love teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — bell hooks, All About Love
Audre Lorde's The Cancer Journals teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals
Adrienne Rich's Of Woman Born teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born
Mary Oliver's A Thousand Mornings teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings
Wendell Berry's Jayber Crow teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow
Annie Dillard's Pilgrim at Tinker Creek teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
Joan Didion's Slouching Towards Bethlehem teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem
John McPhee's Annals of the Former World teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — John McPhee, Annals of the Former World
Rebecca Solnit's A Field Guide to Getting Lost teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost
Robert MacFarlane's Underland teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Robert MacFarlane, Underland
Helen Macdonald's Vesper Flights teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Helen Macdonald, Vesper Flights
Olivia Laing's Everybody teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Olivia Laing, Everybody
Virginia Woolf's Mrs Dalloway teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway
Ralph Waldo Emerson's Nature teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature
Henry David Thoreau's Civil Disobedience teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience
John Keats's Endymion teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — John Keats, Endymion
Alexander Pope's The Dunciad teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Alexander Pope, The Dunciad
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels
John Milton's Paradise Lost teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — John Milton, Paradise Lost
William Shakespeare's Hamlet teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — William Shakespeare, Hamlet
Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest
George Bernard Shaw's Pygmalion teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion
W. B. Yeats's The Tower teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — W. B. Yeats, The Tower
T. S. Eliot's The Waste Land teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land
Ezra Pound's The Cantos teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ezra Pound, The Cantos
Wallace Stevens's Harmonium teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Wallace Stevens, Harmonium
Robert Frost's North of Boston teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Robert Frost, North of Boston
Langston Hughes's The Weary Blues teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Langston Hughes, The Weary Blues
Gwendolyn Brooks's Annie Allen teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Gwendolyn Brooks, Annie Allen
Elizabeth Bishop's North & South teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Elizabeth Bishop, North & South
Sylvia Plath's Ariel teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Sylvia Plath, Ariel
Ted Hughes's Crow teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ted Hughes, Crow
Seamus Heaney's Death of a Naturalist teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Seamus Heaney, Death of a Naturalist
Derek Walcott's Omeros teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Derek Walcott, Omeros
Pablo Neruda's Canto General teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Pablo Neruda, Canto General
Octavio Paz's The Labyrinth of Solitude teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude
Jorge Luis Borges's Ficciones teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones
Julio Cortázar's Hopscotch teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch
Mario Vargas Llosa's The City and the Dogs teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mario Vargas Llosa, The City and the Dogs
Carlos Fuentes's The Death of Artemio Cruz teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Carlos Fuentes, The Death of Artemio Cruz
José Saramago's Blindness teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — José Saramago, Blindness
Eduardo Galeano's The Open Veins of Latin America teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Eduardo Galeano, The Open Veins of Latin America
Léopold Sédar Senghor's Chants d'ombre teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Léopold Sédar Senghor, Chants d'ombre
Maryse Condé's I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Maryse Condé, I, Tituba, Black Witch of Salem
Assia Djebar's So Vast the Prison teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Assia Djebar, So Vast the Prison
Nuruddin Farah's Maps teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Nuruddin Farah, Maps
Ben Okri's The Famished Road teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Ben Okri, The Famished Road
Lewis Nkosi's Mating Birds teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Lewis Nkosi, Mating Birds
Mongane Wally Serote's To Every Birth Its Blood teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mongane Wally Serote, To Every Birth Its Blood
Nawal El Saadawi's Woman at Point Zero teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Nawal El Saadawi, Woman at Point Zero
Mahmoud Darwish's Memory for Forgetfulness teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mahmoud Darwish, Memory for Forgetfulness
Adonis's The Book of Sieges teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Adonis, The Book of Sieges
Orhan Pamuk's The Black Book teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book
Elif Shafak's The Forty Rules of Love teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love
Han Kang's The Vegetarian teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Han Kang, The Vegetarian
Svetlana Alexievich's The Unwomanly Face of War teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Svetlana Alexievich, The Unwomanly Face of War
Varlam Shalamov's Kolyma Tales teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Varlam Shalamov, Kolyma Tales
Andrei Platonov's The Foundation Pit teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Andrei Platonov, The Foundation Pit
Isaac Babel's Red Cavalry teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Isaac Babel, Red Cavalry
Mikhail Bulgakov's The Master and Margarita teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita
Andrey Kurkov's Death and the Penguin teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Andrey Kurkov, Death and the Penguin
Olga Tokarczuk's Flights teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Olga Tokarczuk, Flights
György Konrád's The Case Worker teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — György Konrád, The Case Worker
Milan Kundera's The Unbearable Lightness of Being teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being
Italo Calvino's The Baron in the Trees teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Italo Calvino, The Baron in the Trees
Primo Levi's The Periodic Table teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Primo Levi, The Periodic Table
Elena Ferrante's The Days of Abandonment teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Elena Ferrante, The Days of Abandonment
Antonio Tabucchi's Pereira Maintains teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Antonio Tabucchi, Pereira Maintains
José Saramago's The Gospel According to Jesus Christ teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ
Patrick Modiano's Missing Person teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Patrick Modiano, Missing Person
Marguerite Duras's The Lover teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Marguerite Duras, The Lover
Annie Ernaux's The Years teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Annie Ernaux, The Years
Michel Houellebecq's The Map and the Territory teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Michel Houellebecq, The Map and the Territory
Jean Echenoz's Chopin's Move teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jean Echenoz, Chopin's Move
Amélie Nothomb's Fear and Trembling teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Amélie Nothomb, Fear and Trembling
Cioran's The Trouble with Being Born teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born
Samuel Beckett's Molloy teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Samuel Beckett, Molloy
James Joyce's Ulysses teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — James Joyce, Ulysses
Flann O'Brien's At Swim-Two-Birds teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds
Bram Stoker's Dracula teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Bram Stoker, Dracula
Oscar Wilde's De Profundis teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Oscar Wilde, De Profundis
C. S. Lewis's Till We Have Faces teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — C. S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces
J. R. R. Tolkien's The Silmarillion teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion
Mervyn Peake's Titus Groan teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan
Alan Garner's The Owl Service teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Alan Garner, The Owl Service
Susan Cooper's The Dark Is Rising teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Susan Cooper, The Dark Is Rising
Lloyd Alexander's The Book of Three teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Lloyd Alexander, The Book of Three
Madeleine L'Engle's Many Waters teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Madeleine L'Engle, Many Waters
Octavia Butler's Kindred teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Octavia Butler, Kindred
Samuel R. Delany's Dhalgren teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Samuel R. Delany, Dhalgren
Joanna Russ's The Female Man teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Joanna Russ, The Female Man
Marge Piercy's Woman on the Edge of Time teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Marge Piercy, Woman on the Edge of Time
N. K. Jemisin's The Fifth Season teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — N. K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season
Nnedi Okorafor's Who Fears Death teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Nnedi Okorafor, Who Fears Death
Tananarive Due's The Between teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Tananarive Due, The Between
Maurice Sendak's Where the Wild Things Are teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — A. A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
Roald Dahl's James and the Giant Peach teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Roald Dahl, James and the Giant Peach
Beatrice Potter's The Tale of Peter Rabbit teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Beatrice Potter, The Tale of Peter Rabbit
E. B. White's Charlotte's Web teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — E. B. White, Charlotte's Web
J. K. Rowling's The Prisoner of Azkaban teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — J. K. Rowling, The Prisoner of Azkaban
Philip Pullman's Northern Lights teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Philip Pullman, Northern Lights
Cornelia Funke's Inkheart teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Cornelia Funke, Inkheart
Jasper Fforde's The Eyre Affair teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair
Diana Wynne Jones's Howl's Moving Castle teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle
Garth Nix's Sabriel teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Garth Nix, Sabriel
Scott Westerfeld's Uglies teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Scott Westerfeld, Uglies
Cassandra Clare's Clockwork Angel teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel
Holly Black's The Cruel Prince teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Holly Black, The Cruel Prince
Rick Riordan's The Lightning Thief teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief
John Green's The Fault in Our Stars teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
Veronica Roth's Divergent teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Veronica Roth, Divergent
Suzanne Collins's The Hunger Games teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games
Lois Lowry's The Giver teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Lois Lowry, The Giver
Gary Paulsen's Hatchet teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Gary Paulsen, Hatchet
Louis Sachar's Holes teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Louis Sachar, Holes
Jerry Spinelli's Maniac Magee teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee
Katherine Paterson's Bridge to Terabithia teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia
Natalie Babbitt's Tuck Everlasting teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting
Beverly Cleary's Ramona the Pest teaches that every reader makes the book anew. — Beverly Cleary, Ramona the Pest
In Pride and Prejudice, Jane Austen calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
In Jane Eyre, Charlotte Brontë calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre
In Wuthering Heights, Emily Brontë calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
In Great Expectations, Charles Dickens calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
In Middlemarch, George Eliot calls a book the mirror of a mind. — George Eliot, Middlemarch
In Far from the Madding Crowd, Thomas Hardy calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd
In The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, Mark Twain calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
In The Portrait of a Lady, Henry James calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady
In The Age of Innocence, Edith Wharton calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence
In The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald calls a book the mirror of a mind. — F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
In As I Lay Dying, William Faulkner calls a book the mirror of a mind. — William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying
In The Grapes of Wrath, John Steinbeck calls a book the mirror of a mind. — John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath
In Franny and Zooey, J. D. Salinger calls a book the mirror of a mind. — J. D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey
In Cat's Cradle, Kurt Vonnegut calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Kurt Vonnegut, Cat's Cradle
In Catch-22, Joseph Heller calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Joseph Heller, Catch-22
In To Kill a Mockingbird, Harper Lee calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird
In Beloved, Toni Morrison calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Toni Morrison, Beloved
In The Hobbit, J. R. R. Tolkien calls a book the mirror of a mind. — J. R. R. Tolkien, The Hobbit
In Animal Farm, George Orwell calls a book the mirror of a mind. — George Orwell, Animal Farm
In Brave New World, Aldous Huxley calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
In The Time Machine, H. G. Wells calls a book the mirror of a mind. — H. G. Wells, The Time Machine
In 2001: A Space Odyssey, Arthur C. Clarke calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey
In I, Robot, Isaac Asimov calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Isaac Asimov, I, Robot
In Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency, Douglas Adams calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
In American Gods, Neil Gaiman calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Neil Gaiman, American Gods
In Guards! Guards!, Terry Pratchett calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!
In Ubik, Philip K. Dick calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Philip K. Dick, Ubik
In Invisible Cities, Italo Calvino calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities
In Foucault's Pendulum, Umberto Eco calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum
In Swann's Way, Marcel Proust calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Marcel Proust, Swann's Way
In The Stranger, Albert Camus calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Albert Camus, The Stranger
In Nausea, Jean-Paul Sartre calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea
In She Came to Stay, Simone de Beauvoir calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Simone de Beauvoir, She Came to Stay
In Beyond Good and Evil, Friedrich Nietzsche calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil
In Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship
In Steppenwolf, Hermann Hesse calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf
In The Trial, Franz Kafka calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Franz Kafka, The Trial
In Resurrection, Leo Tolstoy calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection
In Crime and Punishment, Fyodor Dostoevsky calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Fyodor Dostoevsky, Crime and Punishment
In The Cherry Orchard, Anton Chekhov calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Anton Chekhov, The Cherry Orchard
In Pale Fire, Vladimir Nabokov calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire
In Doctor Zhivago, Boris Pasternak calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago
In The Home and the World, Rabindranath Tagore calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World
In Arrow of God, Chinua Achebe calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Chinua Achebe, Arrow of God
In Death and the King's Horseman, Wole Soyinka calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Wole Soyinka, Death and the King's Horseman
In Petals of Blood, Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o, Petals of Blood
In The Ministry of Utmost Happiness, Arundhati Roy calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness
In The Satanic Verses, Salman Rushdie calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Salman Rushdie, The Satanic Verses
In Never Let Me Go, Kazuo Ishiguro calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go
In The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle, Haruki Murakami calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
In N.P., Banana Yoshimoto calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Banana Yoshimoto, N.P.
In Big Breasts and Wide Hips, Mo Yan calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Mo Yan, Big Breasts and Wide Hips
In Snow, Orhan Pamuk calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Orhan Pamuk, Snow
In Eva Luna, Isabel Allende calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Isabel Allende, Eva Luna
In The Angel's Game, Carlos Ruiz Zafón calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game
In Brida, Paulo Coelho calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Paulo Coelho, Brida
In The Shining, Stephen King calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Stephen King, The Shining
In Small Great Things, Jodi Picoult calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things
In A Thousand Splendid Suns, Khaled Hosseini calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns
In Beatrice and Virgil, Yann Martel calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil
In Committed, Elizabeth Gilbert calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed
In Torch, Cheryl Strayed calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Cheryl Strayed, Torch
In Oryx and Crake, Margaret Atwood calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
In The Grass Is Singing, Doris Lessing calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Doris Lessing, The Grass Is Singing
In On Beauty, Zadie Smith calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Zadie Smith, On Beauty
In The Water Dancer, Ta-Nehisi Coates calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Water Dancer
In Zone One, Colson Whitehead calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Colson Whitehead, Zone One
In Night Sky with Exit Wounds, Ocean Vuong calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Ocean Vuong, Night Sky with Exit Wounds
In This Must Be the Place, Maggie O'Farrell calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Maggie O'Farrell, This Must Be the Place
In Conversations with Friends, Sally Rooney calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends
In Bowlaway, Jenny Offill calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Jenny Offill, Bowlaway
In Traveling Mercies, Anne Lamott calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies
In At Large and at Small, Anne Fadiman calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Anne Fadiman, At Large and at Small
In Aristotle for Everybody, Mortimer J. Adler calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Mortimer J. Adler, Aristotle for Everybody
In Regarding the Pain of Others, Susan Sontag calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others
In Camera Lucida, Roland Barthes calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida
In Discipline and Punish, Michel Foucault calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish
In Writing and Difference, Jacques Derrida calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Jacques Derrida, Writing and Difference
In Orientalism, Edward Said calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Edward Said, Orientalism
In All About Love, bell hooks calls a book the mirror of a mind. — bell hooks, All About Love
In The Cancer Journals, Audre Lorde calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Audre Lorde, The Cancer Journals
In Of Woman Born, Adrienne Rich calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Adrienne Rich, Of Woman Born
In A Thousand Mornings, Mary Oliver calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings
In Jayber Crow, Wendell Berry calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow
In Pilgrim at Tinker Creek, Annie Dillard calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek
In Slouching Towards Bethlehem, Joan Didion calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem
In Annals of the Former World, John McPhee calls a book the mirror of a mind. — John McPhee, Annals of the Former World
In Underland, Robert MacFarlane calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Robert MacFarlane, Underland
In Vesper Flights, Helen Macdonald calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Helen Macdonald, Vesper Flights
In Everybody, Olivia Laing calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Olivia Laing, Everybody
In Mrs Dalloway, Virginia Woolf calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Virginia Woolf, Mrs Dalloway
In Nature, Ralph Waldo Emerson calls a book the mirror of a mind. — Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature
